{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;\red0\green0\blue0;\red103\green103\blue103;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c37471\c37477\c37470;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c47949\c47956\c47947;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb720\margt1080
\deftab400
\pard\tx1000\pardeftab400\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Lisa Donohoo\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs18 \cf3 651.485.0579       Lisa.Donohoo@gmail.com     1670 James Rd, Mendota Hts, MN 55118\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab200\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx1000\pardeftab400\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Profile\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf3 I have 9 years of experience as a programmer/analyst working in iSeries development and support, including 4+ years at Case Logic and 4+ year at Cargill in different contract roles.  I master complex systems quickly, and am excited and motivated by difficult problems.  I enjoy communicating and collaborating with diverse departments, management, and users, to provide the best service possible. \
Most of my programming experience is in a dated technology and I would love to transition to new technologies.  I learn new languages and methodologies extremely quickly and I have always at interfacing with technical and non technical users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs16 \cf4 Programmer analyst, case logic: Boulder, co - 2001-2006\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf3 Support and end-to-end development on IBM iSeries with RPGLE/CLLE and SQL.  Trained end users on new software as well as new features/procedures relating to older software.  EDI troubleshooting and development.  Worked on maintenance and process improvements, as well as large releases and projects.  Worked closely with users, differing departments and management.  Responsible for training all non-technical staff (marketing, product development) on new web-based project management software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs16 \cf4 Freelance software engineer, CARGILl: Minnetonka, MN - 2001\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf3 Contract work in a second-level support role after previous employer (Cargill) reached out.  Second/third level support , maintenance and programming development in an iSeries environment. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs16 \cf4 Consultant/programmer analyst, CARGILl: Minnetonka, MN - 1999-2000\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf3 Contract work related to Y2K: finding problems, recommending and implementing solutions.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs16 \cf4 SoFTware Engineer, project technical lead, (Keane) CARGILl: Minnetonka, MN - 1995-1999\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf3 Responsible for second/third level support, development and maintenance of an accounting and manufacturing system to support worldwide operations in Cargill\'92s Animal Nutrition division. Also provided after-hours/on-call support worldwide. Worked directly with Accounting and Management as well as users across the globe. Provided end user support for North American feed plants including troubleshooting, training, and user requirements for new development. Advised and assisted technical programmers in Europe, Asia and South America with problems, updates and enhancements.  Last two years spent as a project manager/technical team lead for consulting group in addition to all other duties.\
\pard\tx1000\pardeftab400\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf3 University of Minnesota (Twin Cities), Bachelor of Science in Computer Science\
\pard\tx1000\pardeftab400\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf3 Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC), End-to-end development, 2nd/3rd level support, on-call/after-hours support, application support, defining requirements, Systems Analysis, and Project Management, QA (Quality Assurance), SQL, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office, iSeries, RPGLE, CLLE, Change management software and procedures, multiple ticketing systems, basic knowledge of HTTP/CSS and JavaScript.}